So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Great choice!	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
This phone works great.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The phone loads super!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
Will order from them again!	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Absolutely great.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Great audio!.	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
What a waste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
What a waste of time!	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
And I just love the colors!	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Great charger.	1
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
Great Value.	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
doesn't last long.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Incredible!.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Great phone!.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Not impressed.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Bad Choice.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Great price also!	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
fast service.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
I would recommend this.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great sound and service.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Worth every penny.	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
poor quality and service.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Works great.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
It's a great item.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Love this headset!	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Reversible plug works great.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Very good phone.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great phone!.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Great Phone.	1
Don't buy it.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Sending it back.	0
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Good price.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Has been working great.	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
I want my money back.	0
I love this device.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
good item, low price.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Excellent sound quality.	1
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Good audio quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It worked very well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Great product and price.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
what a disappointment	0
Very prompt service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Works great.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Price is good too.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Low Quality.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Does not fit.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Portable and it works.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Horrible phone.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Disappointed!.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The battery works great!	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Looks great and is strong."	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
The delivery was on time.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
You won't regret it!	1
I love this phone!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works as described.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
very good product, well made.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Works great!.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
No real improvement.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Great case and price!	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Its a total package.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Great product for the price!.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Great Product.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worst ever.	0
I am very happy	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
That company is a joke.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
Better than expected.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Piece of trash.	0
A pretty good product.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Poor Construction.	0
This is infuriating.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Poor product.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Great phone.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I'm pleased.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Truly awful.	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Works well.	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
lightweight and works well.	1
So just beware.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Not worth it.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It was a great phone.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Does not fit.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
disappointing.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Would not reccommend.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Just what I wanted.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Great product.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
This is a great deal.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
It was horrible!.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Great Phone.	1
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Five star Plus, plus.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
This game rocks.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	0
Awful.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The script iswas there a script?  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	0
I'll even say it again  this is torture.  	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
"You'll love it!  	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
So bad.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The acting sucked.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
That was nice.  	1
That was funny.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
The acting was bad.  	0
Really bad.  	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
This is actually a very smart movie.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
" I love it.  	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
I liked it.  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	1
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
& That movie was bad.  	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
It just blew.  	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
See it.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
